Hello friends, my name is Sachin,
today I have brought a new video for you,
so friends, today we are going to talk
about home insurance for such people, what is home insurance,
how does it work, now how can you buy it,
I will also tell you the complete bank
process so that you
can buy insurance in this way, so friends, first of all
we should understand
what insurance is and
why do we need it, so friends, first of all
you should understand that whenever you
buy a new car, you get it insured,
okay, if you just want to
avoid police challan, then you can also get it from third party,
but you get complete insurance
so that if the car gets damaged, the
car gets stolen or there is any problem inside the car, then
you
can get it covered by insurance, but
friends, we do not think like this about our house,
if you see whether there is penetration inside the home insurance
or not, if it is a shop or a house, then you will get insurance for only
one or two houses inside it,
for the house, friends,
people spend their entire life's earnings so
that they can build their house, but then  We also do
not get our property insured
because we do not have complete knowledge about it,
we do not know how that insurance
works, so friends, today
I will explain to you in a short way how
insurance works, so see,
friends, whenever you build a house or
buy a new house, then there can be many types of damages inside your house,
either the house can
tilt or there can be a
flood inside your house, okay, water can fill up, a storm can come
inside your house, a
cyclone can come, Noida, someone can do it,
your house can catch fire, due to this there can be a
lot of damage inside our houses, in
which the time kept in our house can be
damaged, the structure of our property can
also be damaged, so friends,
mainly insurance is done in two ways,
one is the insurance of the structure
which is the structure of the property, that is, the
walls or the rooms built, the
entire structure inside and the second is the content, that is, the stuff
inside the house like washing machine,
TV, refrigerator, air conditioner, etc.  It is
quite expensive
and its video is covered by the insurance company,
so let's
discuss both of these, about this protector and content.
Friends, first of all, when we
understand the structure, it is
very important for us to understand two things that the
value assessment done in home insurance is done in two
ways, first is market value
and second is green statement value. So
what is market value? First of all, we have to
understand that whenever there is a problem on the structure of your house,
suppose you have a
base of 12 stories,
now sometimes the material inside it gets joyfully damaged, it
collapses, suppose there is a
complete fire in it due to which
it gets damaged or gets into a completely destroyed
condition, then the
first thing we have to understand is that only the
structure has been damaged there, there is
no damage to the land or the land value on the back, let's
assume around 70%,
that is the value of the vacant land,
whatever is there in the property is the
structure and your content
inside that house.  If I say that you have
bought a house worth Rs 1 crore, then the
value of the land may be Rs 70 lakh
and the value of its structure may be Rs 30 lakh. So,
friends, the market value here
works only on the structure.
Suppose the cost of building your house today is
Rs 30 lakh, then
friends, it is possible that the market value
here is
your market value, that the
value of the property itself is the market value.
Friends, this does not happen
in home insurance. Friends, what is there in the market value is the
properties which are the
structural cost, there is a
definition charge on it. Suppose after 5 years the
value of your house goes down by 10 percent, the
value of this tractor goes down by 10
percent, then the Rs 30 lakh that
you had invested in building your house, will it
reduce by Rs 3 lakh or
not? Now the value of your structure is
Rs 27 lakh, after the next five years it will
reduce every year in the same manner. So, when
you calculate the market value  But if you buy a policy
of home insurance, then the company will give you the money after
assessing it at the rate of Rs 27 lakh. The
reinstatement
value is the value that now suppose
you had built a house 10 years ago, how much money would it cost
you to rebuild the same house in the same manner, suppose
if my house was built for Rs 30 lakh earlier
and it may
cost Rs 40 lakh to rebuild that house after 5 years, then the company will
settle your claim accordingly, so friends, it is
important to understand that property
insurance is given as per the market value
research statement value,
90% of the companies
give you home insurance as per the statement value only, so
friends, come let us understand completely
how you can buy this home insurance,
so friends, we have come to the
official website of Silungi Ward and
I will give you its link in the description,
so you can directly buy home insurance
Productivity will be completed, so see,
first of all this form will open for you, here
you have to enter your name, mobile number, email address,
which I have filled here,
now I will click on proceed here, as
soon as I click on proceed,
friends, first of all it will ask
your property type, is your house your own, is it
rented, we are taking an option here,
if it is your own house, then you should
cover only the content because the structure is
not your liability, you can take
both structure and content in your house,
so I am telling you for the entire example, that is why
we are
selecting on here, so we enter a pin
code here, which I have entered of Delhi,
so as soon as you enter these, click next, so
see, here it is automatically
asking you whether you
want to take structure, content,
both, so friends, we
choose the option of both here, here
you will find click on the i button at various places,
due to which you will keep getting more information here,
Friends, here we
select both structure plus content so that
you understand completely. So friends,
first of all we have to enter the value here like this.
Now you will think how to calculate in this statement
how much will my house cost.
Many people have some idea
that this is how much a house costs, but if
you do not know, then this is the thumb rule that
a very good house can be built in ₹1500 to ₹2000 square feet. So,
you can choose any value between ₹1500 to ₹2000.
See, this is written
Exploited England Cost. If you have a one-
storey house, then its
value is from ₹1500 to ₹2000, that is,
if the material is
quick, we are understanding here that
you have built a very good house, you have used
very good cement, and
whatever material you have used, it is of quality,
then let us assume ₹2000 for
that too and let us show you that
2000.  If we multiply a house of 2000 square feet
into 2000 square feet, it
comes to Rs 40 lakh, that is, yours is
Rs 40 lakh. If we zoom in here, there is
a structure value,
so here you will enter Rs 40 lakh.
If someone's work is more,
then you can adjust it accordingly.
On reaching this, you will click on it.
Now here the option of content value is coming,
how much content do you want to take for the house.
You see, here it is asking for durable
inspector recruitment of, that is,
for you, TV is fine, TV is, refrigerator is,
air conditioner is, in this way,
if you have, then I put the value of such items in the house at Rs 1
lakh. In this way, we put the value of furniture by
adding furniture, sofa bed etc.,
friends, if you have jewellery also
and you want to get it valued, then you
can get that valued too, but whatever the jewellery will be, whatever
its value will be, then here
if you click on the button  If you come, it is saying that
whatever durable items you have bought
for furniture, you can make a total of 5 per cent of it,
durable furniture,
clothing and whatever Michelle has bought, then
here it is approximately two lakhs, so
here we keep the jewellery worth approximately
50 thousand rupees, you have
jewellery worth 1000 rupees at your home
and if you want to get something done like
clothing done, accessories done, that is, utensils done,
okay, clothes done or anything else
like computer done inside the house, okay, in
this way if you want to get something done then
you can do that too, we can assume Rs.
25000 for that here, so as
soon as you click on the roti, then see, in
front of you, all our
parallels, that is, whatever risks are being covered
inside it and the entire page will
open up for you, the first option will
come for fire, that is, any kind of fire that happens in your house, be it
inside the house, in any way  It
happens due to short circuit inside or due to some reason from outside,
suppose a bomb or cracker falls
inside your house or there is some accidental
damage, due to any
reason there is a fire inside your house because of the gas cylinder, then
it will be covered here. Talking about front international,
friends, foot
means that if there is a big problem in your city and there is a
lot of waterlogging inside your house, then that is also covered here. If there is
no light, lightning strikes your house
and your house gets damaged, then that is also covered
for water friends, like suppose there is a tank of
water in your water tank,
it becomes too much or overflows due to
which suppose the water level
increases too much and this causes damage to your house, then
that is also covered here,
friends, there is news here, there is a riot strike in
Malaysia of one and a half inch, it is called castor paris in short, that
means if there has been any riot in your place, that
means there has been a
strike, that means
people were striking your house and they
damaged your house, this is called pimples
Meaning if someone damaged Hina's house,
okay, then that will also be covered here
and your house is covered by a storm
cycle, okay, whatever storms come,
hurricanes come, okay, tornadoes come, then whatever belongs to
you is
covered by that too, if there is any terrorism activity, if the
government
declares that the terrorism
activity is under control, then
that is also covered here,
okay, so friends, this is such a cover
due to which if there is damage to the structure of your house, then
you will get it,
apart from this, if there is damage to your house due to any other reason, then
you will not get cover, so
for that, friends, here the company has
made some advances, I will tell you a little about how it is,
like
during all risks, if you take it here to the i
button, then it is written here that
physical damage is covered by Vishal, so if this house gets
damaged by any accident, then you will get money,
like acidity falling, that is, the
massage which is equal to your house  There was a big tree and
that tree fell due to which the walls of your house or
your house got damaged, then
you will see that above, whatever cover
is not there in it, then
you will have to take an insurance, if you do that then
here automatically a
value of 40000 will come, that if you suffer any loss due to that then
you will get cover,
friends, after the content, if we do that here, for the
goods inside the house, then here
and if you want to take cover for example,
we had selected the value of Rs 2.5 lakh here, content worth Rs 2.5 lakh, and
if for any reason
apart from all these reliances, if the property of your house gets
damaged, then that will also be covered,
friends, there are two more things in it, that
if the goods of your house are
stolen, then that will not be covered because it is
a fake power, it is not covered here,
once there is cover for the gallery, outside,
friends, inside which we have floor, school
entry, inside the house, suppose
someone entered your house and there is school
exit, that means he came forcibly,
snatched the goods of your house from you, looted you and  He went away, the
suggestion is before school entry and exit,
it is called the side, so
friends, now the next recovery is yours, it will
not be covered, you have to take special
care of this, there is a
medical expense for rent at someone else's place, if suppose
your house gets damaged due to earthquake or any other reason, then
you will
need time to rebuild it, it may take four months or
six months, so if you take this option, then
you will get the rent and
accommodation, whatever rent you are paying,
you will also get the expenses for that, so you
can enter by clicking here, this is the maximum
limit of 2 lakh rupees, then we are
not selecting it, in this way,
you may have suffered a huge loss
and you
also need money for living space for your expenses, like you
need money for food for close, and it is
possible that you have suffered a huge loss and
you are not in a condition to spend, then
you can get that covered here too,
here also there is a maximum limit of 2 lakh rupees,
Vyapam and  You can choose here.
Similarly, if any of your household appliances
breaks down due to mechanical or electrical reasons, that is, it gets
damaged while in use,
due to a short circuit. If you
want to cover your washing machine, for example, if it breaks down while in use, you can do so. The
maximum limit is Rs 1 lakh,
for which you will have to click on the button here.
Similarly, if there
is an expensive painting in your house or
you have got some
expensive work done by someone, then you can get it covered for Rs 2,000 here,
but for that, you will have to provide
proof that it is worth this much and
it is yours. For this, you will be
charged a bid value. Suppose, there is a
painting in your house worth
Rs 20,000 which has been financially damaged by fiber,
then you can put Rs 20,000 here
and get it covered.
Friends, if we talk about personal accidents here, then in
some
way you have a date.  Or if you get an injury
due to an accident, then you will get
cover for it here. The maximum
limit here is Rs 10,00,000. So, here you
can take as much as you want as per your convenience. Personal
liability is news, friends, one such thing happens that if
someone else is inside your house
and he gets any loss and he files a
legal case against you and you
demand severance compensation, then that option is also
available to you, now you can choose that.
Removal of debris means
friends, suppose the debris of the house is damaged due to an
earthquake and a lot of work is required to remove it, so
if you add it in this, then you will get that too, so the
removal of debris is 10
percent of the total
SMS that you have taken, if suppose
you have taken a loan of Rs 10 lakh, then
you will get Rs 1 lakh here for removing the debris as
well. Loss of a friend  Let's talk
friends, it is
possible that you are a landlord and you have
given your house on rent to someone, but
what if there is a loss, your
building has collapsed or there is a fire, then
you are facing loss of rent here, so to
compensate for that the company has
created a dont, so you
can add it there, so friends, right now we have
kept only two contents here and
we have used two additions more, this and wearing
and content and this is fine and all these coverages
are inside it, now we can calculate here how much
it will cost, as if
we click here, you will see that
for one year you will have to pay only Rs 3864,
similarly if you
see, you can take this policy here once for three years, four years and five years, as
soon as you
click on it, here you will be
shown the total premium, Rs 3864, if you proceed with it, then
here you will see the
details, nothing has to be done
here, you just have to
click your address, for example, suppose
I have  I had entered my name, I will
enter my date of birth here,
I have entered my date of birth here
and here
I will enter my address for which
I want Harris coverage, so
here I give my carols,
this portion is for communication and
mailing address from you, if you have the same risk location, then you
can use it, if you
note it, then this column will automatically open, then
you can enter the address for communication there, for
now I am going to put this in this
column and if suppose someone has a loan running on your house,
suppose there is a
loan running from any bank, like from HDFC
Bank, you can enter the name of that financier here,
for now I do
not need it, so I am leaving it here
because many times the bank people also ask you to get
your property
insured, so now they
can make the purchase from here and can use it, they can
enter the name here, so now I
click here that I
want the policy on WhatsApp and you can try to communicate with them
and term end  You'll set the condition score,
and as soon as you click submit,
you'll land directly
on the payment page.
So, friends, look, we've landed
on the payment page. Here, you'll see the total
premium of 3876, and you'll have to make the
payment. Look, there's a
wallet option here: credit card,
debit card, net banking. You
can make the payment using any method.
You'll find plenty of options here, whether it's on your
phone or on Amazon. If you want to do it
this way,
you'll find the credit card options. Enter your name and
details here. Friends, once you
make the payment,
you'll receive the policy in your email within 5 to 10 minutes. Okay,
and if you send it on WhatsApp Tuesday, after a while,
this policy will be
available on WhatsApp as well. Friends, I hope
you understood this video and gained
some basic knowledge
about home insurance. In the future,
I'll bring you more videos
in which I'll explain in full detail what
home insurance is
and how it works.  I will tell
you how it works, so friends, I
hope you understood the video, so
see you in the next video,
thank you very much for watching this video.